In my first homework from chapter 2 the pizza slice homework I used basic arithmethic operations along with input function and printing formatted output based on what each family member eating the same number of pizza slices and for the second program I did this but programed it to see what would happened if each family member eats different slices. I leaned how to do basic arithmethic and use input function along with learning how to do print formattedoutputs for this homework assignment.
In my second homework assignment from chapter 3 I used the while loop and if, elif-else statements for logical statements based on what the user is inputting because this was bassically and inventory management program that was all about buying cupcakes and muffins. I learned how to do while loops and if, elif-else statements from this homework.
In my third homework from chapter 4 I programed the time saved from speeding usimg by doing this time= distance / speedlimit speedtime = distance / speed. I learned how to do if-else statements from this homework and even how to use greater than and less that operators within  the if-else statement to determine  that if your  speeding you will save time.
In my 4th homwork for chapter 5  I programed a program that validates time between a range of 0-23 and 0-59 and once the user puts a value between these values  the program would print ot a time. The second program in this homework was a callstack program that call a function in sequence when I would run the program. The time validation homework I learned how to do input validation using nested loops and parameter passing by using val is greater or less than  low, high to  in range or out of range from the number range I set. I learned how to  execute nested functions in sequence so its not out of order I also learned about callstack and I learned how to put function calls in sequence, so the output reads starts, starts, starts, starts, and then returns, returns, returns, returns.
